# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt --universal
comtypes==1.4.8 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via pyttsx3
pyobjc==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyttsx3
pyobjc-core==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-accounts
    #   pyobjc-framework-addressbook
    #   pyobjc-framework-adservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-adsupport
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency
    #   pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging
    #   pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-automator
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-avrouting
    #   pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-businesschat
    #   pyobjc-framework-calendarstore
    #   pyobjc-framework-callkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-classkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cocoa
    #   pyobjc-framework-collaboration
    #   pyobjc-framework-colorsync
    #   pyobjc-framework-contacts
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
    #   pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-coredata
    #   pyobjc-framework-corehaptics
    #   pyobjc-framework-corelocation
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremedia
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremediaio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremidi
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreml
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremotion
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-corespotlight
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-corewlan
    #   pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-datadetection
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicecheck
    #   pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecording
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
    #   pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration
    #   pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback
    #   pyobjc-framework-eventkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling
    #   pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy
    #   pyobjc-framework-extensionkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileprovider
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui
    #   pyobjc-framework-findersync
    #   pyobjc-framework-fsevents
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-healthkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore
    #   pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-installerplugins
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-intents
    #   pyobjc-framework-intentsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui
    #   pyobjc-framework-iosurface
    #   pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping
    #   pyobjc-framework-launchservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-libdispatch
    #   pyobjc-framework-libxpc
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
    #   pyobjc-framework-mailkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-metal
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalfx
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph
    #   pyobjc-framework-metrickit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mlcompute
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity
    #   pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage
    #   pyobjc-framework-netfs
    #   pyobjc-framework-network
    #   pyobjc-framework-networkextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-opendirectory
    #   pyobjc-framework-osakit
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-passkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-pencilkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-phase
    #   pyobjc-framework-photos
    #   pyobjc-framework-photosui
    #   pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes
    #   pyobjc-framework-pushkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-replaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-safariservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screensaver
    #   pyobjc-framework-screentime
    #   pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge
    #   pyobjc-framework-searchkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-security
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore
    #   pyobjc-framework-shazamkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-social
    #   pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-speech
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-storekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-symbols
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemextensions
    #   pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotifications
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-virtualization
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
    #   pyobjc-framework-webkit
pyobjc-framework-accessibility==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-accounts==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
pyobjc-framework-addressbook==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-adservices==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-adsupport==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applicationservices==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-automator==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-avfoundation==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer
    #   pyobjc-framework-phase
pyobjc-framework-avkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-avrouting==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '23.4' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-businesschat==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-calendarstore==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-callkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cinematic==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '23.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-classkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cloudkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cocoa==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-accounts
    #   pyobjc-framework-addressbook
    #   pyobjc-framework-adservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-adsupport
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency
    #   pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging
    #   pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-automator
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-avrouting
    #   pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-businesschat
    #   pyobjc-framework-calendarstore
    #   pyobjc-framework-callkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-classkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-collaboration
    #   pyobjc-framework-colorsync
    #   pyobjc-framework-contacts
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
    #   pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-coredata
    #   pyobjc-framework-corehaptics
    #   pyobjc-framework-corelocation
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremedia
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremediaio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremidi
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreml
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremotion
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-corespotlight
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-corewlan
    #   pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-datadetection
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicecheck
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecording
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
    #   pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration
    #   pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback
    #   pyobjc-framework-eventkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling
    #   pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy
    #   pyobjc-framework-extensionkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileprovider
    #   pyobjc-framework-findersync
    #   pyobjc-framework-fsevents
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-healthkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore
    #   pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-installerplugins
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-intents
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-iosurface
    #   pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping
    #   pyobjc-framework-libdispatch
    #   pyobjc-framework-libxpc
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
    #   pyobjc-framework-mailkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-metal
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metrickit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mlcompute
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity
    #   pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage
    #   pyobjc-framework-netfs
    #   pyobjc-framework-network
    #   pyobjc-framework-networkextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-opendirectory
    #   pyobjc-framework-osakit
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-passkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-pencilkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-photos
    #   pyobjc-framework-photosui
    #   pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes
    #   pyobjc-framework-pushkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-replaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-safariservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screensaver
    #   pyobjc-framework-screentime
    #   pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge
    #   pyobjc-framework-security
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore
    #   pyobjc-framework-shazamkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-social
    #   pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-speech
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-storekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-symbols
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemextensions
    #   pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotifications
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-virtualization
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
    #   pyobjc-framework-webkit
pyobjc-framework-collaboration==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-colorsync==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-contacts==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
pyobjc-framework-contactsui==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreaudio==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coredata==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
pyobjc-framework-corehaptics==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-corelocation==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
pyobjc-framework-coremedia==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
pyobjc-framework-coremediaio==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coremidi==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreml==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
pyobjc-framework-coremotion==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreservices==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-launchservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-searchkit
pyobjc-framework-corespotlight==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coretext==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
pyobjc-framework-corewlan==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-datadetection==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-devicecheck==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-discrecording==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-eventkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-extensionkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-fileprovider==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui
pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-findersync==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-fsevents==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
pyobjc-framework-gamecenter==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gamekit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-healthkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-installerplugins==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-instantmessage==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-intents==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '16.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-intentsui
pyobjc-framework-intentsui==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui
pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-iosurface==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-launchservices==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-libdispatch==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-libxpc==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-localauthentication==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mailkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mapkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-medialibrary==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '16.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metal==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalfx
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders
pyobjc-framework-metalfx==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metalkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph
pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metrickit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mlcompute==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-modelio==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-netfs==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-network==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-networkextension==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-opendirectory==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-osakit==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-oslog==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-passkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-pencilkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-phase==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-photos==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-photosui==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-pushkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-quartz==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-replaykit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-safariservices==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '16.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-safetykit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-scenekit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '21.4' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screensaver==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screentime==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-searchkit==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-security==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-securityinterface==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '23.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou
pyobjc-framework-shazamkit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-social==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-speech==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-spritekit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
pyobjc-framework-storekit==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-symbols==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '23.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-syncservices==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-systemextensions==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-usernotifications==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-virtualization==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-vision==10.3.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-webkit==10.3.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pypiwin32==223 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via pyttsx3
pyttsx3==2.99
    # via hypno-audio-generator (pyproject.toml)
pywin32==308 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   pypiwin32
    #   pyttsx3
